Python log injection (#3726)
DataDog/documentation: content/tracing/advanced_usage/_index.md

[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/log_collection/java/?tab=log4j#configure-your-logger
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

> You have two ways to inject trace informations into your logs in Python:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have two ways to inject trace information into your logs in Python:
```

[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/log_collection/java/?tab=log4j#configure-your-logger
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

To inject trace information from Python into logs:

1. Set the environment variable `DD_LOGS_INJECTION=true` when using `ddtrace-run` or manually patch the `logging` module.
2. Update your log formatter to include ``dd.trace_id`` and ``dd.span_id`` attributes from the log record.

> This integration for logs works if the log entry includes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration for logs works if the log format includes:
```

?

- `dd.trace_id=%(dd.trace_id)s`
- `dd.span_id=%(dd.span_id)s`

> An example of this in practice with manual instrumentation:

Reviewer 2: Do we have a `ddtrace-run` example we can put here first?

People will likely just copy/pasta what you have here to try and make it work, we'd like to encourage `ddtrace-run` first, manual patching as the backup.

Author: Added `ddtrace-run` example

[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/log_collection/java/?tab=log4j#configure-your-logger
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

To inject trace information from Python into logs:

1. Set the environment variable `DD_LOGS_INJECTION=true` when using `ddtrace-run` or manually patch the `logging` module.
2. Update your log formatter to include ``dd.trace_id`` and ``dd.span_id`` attributes from the log record.

This integration for logs works if the log format includes:

- `dd.trace_id=%(dd.trace_id)s`
- `dd.span_id=%(dd.span_id)s`

> An example of this in practice when using ``ddtrace-run`` with environment variable ``DD_LOGS_INJECTION=true``:

Reviewer 2: We should show the command.

```
DD_LOGS_INJECTION=true ddtrace-run python app.py
```

``` python
import logging
from ddtrace import tracer

> log = logging.getLogger()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
log = logging.getLogger(__name__)
```

log.level = logging.INFO

@tracer.wrap()
def hello():
    log.info('Hello, World!')

hello()
```

An example of this in practice with manual instrumentation:

``` python
from ddtrace import patch_all; patch_all(logging=True)
import logging
from ddtrace import tracer

FORMAT = ('%(asctime)s %(levelname)s [%(name)s] [%(filename)s:%(lineno)d] '
          '[dd.trace_id=%(dd.trace_id)s dd.span_id=%(dd.span_id)s] '
          '- %(message)s')
logging.basicConfig(format=FORMAT)

> log = logging.getLogger()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
log = logging.getLogger(__name__)
```

[2]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/logs/log_collection/java/?tab=log4j#configure-your-logger
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Python" %}}

> To inject trace information in Python into logs, you must:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To inject trace information from Python into logs:
```

1. Set the environment variable `DD_LOGS_INJECTION=true` when using `ddtrace-run` or manually patch the `logging` module.
2. Update your log formatter to include ``dd.trace_id`` and ``dd.span_id`` attributes from the log record.

> The integration with logs occurs as long as the log entry includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration for logs works if the log entry includes:
```
